README.md, before:

## Scholarships
- [MarvelOptics Scholarship Essay Contest](https://www.fastweb.com/college-scholarships/scholarships/165891)
- [Express Medical Supply Scholarship](https://www.fastweb.com/college-scholarships/scholarships/166137)
- [Mensa Foundation U.S Scholarship](https://www.fastweb.com/college-scholarships/scholarships/150224)
- [Girls Impact The World Film Festival Scholarship](https://www.fastweb.com/college-scholarships/scholarships/159658)
- [Live Mas Scholarship](https://www.fastweb.com/college-scholarships/scholarships/170486)
- [Admiral Grace Murray Hopper Scholarship](https://swe.org/scholarships/admiral-grace-murray-hopper-scholarship-est-1992/)
- [Anne Maureen Whitney Barrow Memorial Scholarship](https://swe.org/scholarships/anne-maureen-whitney-barrow-memorial-scholarship-est-1991/)
- [Ada I. Pressman Memorial Scholarship](https://swe.org/scholarships/ada-i-pressman-memorial-scholarship-est-2004/)
- [More SWE Scholarships](https://swe.org/scholarships/)

- Find More At The Following
 -- [College Scholarships.org](http://www.collegescholarships.org/scholarships/engineering-students.htm)
 -- [Finaid.org](https://finaid.org/scholarships/)
 -- [Scholarships.org](https://www.scholarships.com/financial-aid/college-scholarships/scholarships-by-major/engineering-scholarships/)
 -- [54 Best Engineering Internships](https://blog.prepscholar.com/engineering-scholarships)
 -- [ASHRAE](https://www.ashrae.org/communities/student-zone/scholarships-and-grants/undergraduate-engineering-scholarships)



## Internships
###### In-State
- [Systems Engineering Intern At Open Learning Exchange](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/systems-engineering-intern-at-open-learning-exchange-1611318183/?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)
- [Engineering Intern Summer 2020 At Navatek LLC](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/engineering-intern-summer-2020-at-navatek-llc-1646755322/?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)
- [Systems Engineering Intern At The Job Network](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/systems-engineering-intern-at-the-job-network-1665751011/?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)
- [Manufacturing Engineering Intern At Hexagon Manufacturing Intelligence](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/manufacturing-engineering-intern-at-hexagon-manufacturing-intelligence-1582193688/?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)
- [Geotechnical Engineer Intern At GZA GeoEnvironmental](https://www.glassdoor.com/job-listing/geotechnical-engineer-intern-gza-geoenvironmental-JV_IC1151289_KO0,28_KE29,49.htm?jl=3402466098&utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)
- [Transportation Engineering Intern At CDM Smith](https://www.internships.com/posting/sam_3409128843?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)
- [Process Engineering Co-op At Tremco](https://www.glassdoor.com/job-listing/process-engineering-co-op-tremco-JV_IC1151305_KO0,25_KE26,32.htm?jl=3442782783&utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)
- [Electrical Engineering Intern At Raytheon](http://jobs.rayjobs.com/TGnewUI/Search/home/HomeWithPreLoad?PageType=JobDetails&partnerid=25258&siteid=5366&jobId=1497331&codes=LIAS&utm_source=linkedin.com&utm_campaign=enterprise&utm_medium=social_media&utm_content=job_posting&ss=paid&dclid=CKSgp6rd4-YCFc6hswodU1MA4w#jobDetails=1497331_5366)
- [Applications Engineering Intern At Hexagon Manufacturing Intelligence](https://www.hexagonmi.com/en-US/about-us/careers/job-openings/usa/applications-engineering-intern-north-kingstown)
- [Facilities & Engineering Intern At Amgen](http://careers.amgen.com/ShowJob/Id/392382/Undergraduate%20Intern%20%e2%80%93%20F%20E%20Infrastructure%20Operations%20%20%20Utilities%20Winter%202020)
- [Software Engineering Intern - Angular At Open Learning Exchange](https://www.wayup.com/i-Education-j-Software-Engineering-Intern-Angular-Open-Learning-Exchange-938532938894352/?cid=23311615732&clickcastid=2579707-1077&refer=cpmxml-Cranston-RI-2725127-2579707&utm_campaign=cpmjobsXML-sscjobs-APPS-Cranston-RI-2725127-2579707&utm_medium=jobxml&utm_source=cpmjobscpa)
- [Software Engineering Intern At Virgin Pulse](https://jobs.jobvite.com/virginpulse/job/oA8rafw3?s=LinkedIn)
- [Software Engineering Intern At MojoTech](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=1654690598&geoId=104877241&keywords=software%20engineering%20intern&location=Rhode%20Island%2C%20United%20States)
- [Software Engineering Intern At Hexagon Manufacturing Intelligence](https://www.hexagonmi.com/en-US/about-us/careers/job-openings/usa/software-engineering-intern-north-kingstown)
- [Software Engineer Intern At The Glossary](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=1556084517&geoId=104877241&keywords=software%20engineering%20intern&location=Rhode%20Island%2C%20United%20States)
- [Software Development Engineer In Test Intern At CVS](https://jobs.cvshealth.com/ShowJob/Id/737768/Software%20Development%20Engineer%20in%20Test%20Intern%20(Undergrad)?utm_campaign=alljobs&utm_medium=recruitics_organic&utm_source=linkedinll&rx_c=alljobs&rx_medium=post&rx_paid=0&rx_source=linkedinll&rx_ts=20200101T002501Z&prefilters=none&CloudSearchLocation=none)
- [Automated Information Systems Intern At Amgen](https://www.applytracking.com/x.aspx?method=direct&type=apply&board=D92FCD45-1292-4AE2-B555-D7A273418B42&Job=R-90566&ClientCode=17267)

###### Out Of State
- [R&D Leadership Development Internship Summer 2020 At Johnson & Johnson, Raytham, MA](https://www.linkedin.com/job-apply/1665227856?refId=44859e1f-aad9-4bec-aace-7ce66f01f114&trk=flagship3_search_srp_jobs)
- [Engineering Intern At SoFI, San Francisco, CA](http://jobs.jobvite.com/sofi/job/ouYfbfwC?%26s=LinkedIn&__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=LinkedIn)
- [Engineering Intern at Mercedes-Benz, Sunnyvale, CA](https://daimler.taleo.net/careersection/ex/jobdetail.ftl?job=405584&lang=en&portal=101430233)
- [Mobile Client Engineering Intern At Warner Bros. Entertainment, Needham, MA](https://careers.warnermediagroup.com/TGnewUI/Search/home/HomeWithPreLoad?PageType=JobDetails&partnerid=391&siteid=36&jobId=830441)
- [Engineering Co-Op At Environmental Partners, Woburn MA](https://recruiting.paylocity.com/recruiting/jobs/Details/192046/Environmental-Partners-Group-Inc/Engineering-Co-Op?source=JobTarget%20via%20LinkedIn%20PGM%20-%20Variable%20Placement&utm_source=JobTarget&utm_medium=LinkedIn%20PGM%20-%20Variable%20Placement&utm_campaign=Engineering%20Co-Op%20(192046)&_jtochash=p7OX5XIDoNkjI2RKINEQp&_jtocprof=Vk8CnNetB-K33V4iPVxgRq1bAbskWkH_)
- [Engineering Intern At Hanover, Needham MA](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=1643635619&geoId=90000007&keywords=engineering%20intern&location=Greater%20Boston)
- [Engineering Intern  At Holologic Inc. , Westford, CT](https://hologic.referrals.selectminds.com/jobs/summer-2020-engineering-internship-opportunities-2871)
- [Manufacturing - Industrial Engineering Internship At Tesla, Fremont, CA](https://www.tesla.com/careers/job/id=57000)
- [Engineering Intern At Team Fishel, Richmond VA](https://neuvoo.com/view/?id=fb3f83255e48&oapply=org_v2019-12&source=joveo_bulk2&utm_source=partner&utm_medium=joveo_bulk2&puid=fada3aee3ded3aeabda8dd9d4daefdabadab3aeb3decfdd8ged3addffdd9fed38bdb9bdd9cdcbed3fd)
- [Engineering Process and External Engagements Summer Intern At Bose, Framingham MA](https://boseallaboutme.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/Bose_Careers/job/US-MA---Framingham/Engineering-Process-and-External-Engagements-Summer-Intern_R17269?companyApplyUrl=%26Source%3DLinkedIn)
- [Engineering Intern At Experitc Inc. , Memphis TN](https://neuvoo.com/view/?id=da09675d55bb&oapply=org_v2020-01&source=joveo_bulk2&utm_source=partner&utm_medium=joveo_bulk2&puid=fadc3aef3deg3de7bdaadd994dabfaacadab3deb3aeefadeged3cddfedd9fed37bdb9bdd9cdcbed3fd&splitab=1&action=emailAlert)
- [Software Engineer Intern At Lime, San Francisco CA](https://jobs.lever.co/limebike/abbcff74-b22f-4a84-84d6-1bc3919eabb1?lever-origin=applied&lever-source%255B%255D=linkedin-job-wrapping)
- [Software Engineering Intern At Nerd Wallet, San Francisco, CA](https://www.nerdwallet.com/careers/job/1799768)
- [Software Engineering Intern Twitter, San Francisco, CA](https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/oneclick-ui/company/122273559/job/1514470938/publication/743999696971770)
- [Experience Researcher Intern At Airbnb, Seattle, WA](https://careers.airbnb.com/positions/1849181/)
- [Software Engineering Intern At Two Sigma, NYC](https://careers.twosigma.com/careers/JobDetail/New-York-New-York-United-States-Software-Engineering-Internship-NYC/5982?source=LinkedIn)

## Research 

###### In-State
- [Coastal And Evironmental Fellowship](https://web.uri.edu/coastalfellows/)
- [Cultivating Change Multicultural Scholars Program](https://web.uri.edu/cels/msp-app/)
- [Science And Engineering Fellows Program](https://web.uri.edu/cels/sef-application/)
- [URI CELS Research Opportunities](https://web.uri.edu/cels/academics/experiential-learning-opportunities-and-resources/)

###### Out Of State
- [Research Intern At Facebook, Boston, MA](https://www.facebook.com/careers/v2/jobs/520165665499001/?ref=a8lA00000004CFAIA2)
- [Machine Learning Research Intern At Apple, Seattle, WA](https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200074277/ml-research-intern?team=MLAI&board_id=17682)
- [Research Intern At Microsoft, NYC](https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/job/736979/Undergrad-Research-Intern-NYC-Labs?jobsource=linkedin&utm_source=linkedin&utm_medium=linkedin&utm_campaign=linkedin-feed)
- [Research Intern At Google, Princeton, NJ](https://careers.google.com/jobs/results/94168920430125766-research-intern/?src=Online%2FLinkedIn%2Flinkedin_us&utm_campaign=contract&utm_medium=jobposting&utm_source=linkedin)
- [Autopilot Research Intern At Tesla, Palo Alto, CA](https://www.tesla.com/careers/job/id=53757)
- [AMGEN Scholars Program](https://amgenscholars.com/)
- [Doris Duke Conservation Scholars Program At UC Santa Cruz](https://conservationscholars.ucsc.edu/)

Commit message:

more tat the following internships

README.md, after:

## Scholarships
- [MarvelOptics Scholarship Essay Contest](https://www.fastweb.com/college-scholarships/scholarships/165891)
- [Express Medical Supply Scholarship](https://www.fastweb.com/college-scholarships/scholarships/166137)
- [Mensa Foundation U.S Scholarship](https://www.fastweb.com/college-scholarships/scholarships/150224)
- [Girls Impact The World Film Festival Scholarship](https://www.fastweb.com/college-scholarships/scholarships/159658)
- [Live Mas Scholarship](https://www.fastweb.com/college-scholarships/scholarships/170486)
- [Admiral Grace Murray Hopper Scholarship](https://swe.org/scholarships/admiral-grace-murray-hopper-scholarship-est-1992/)
- [Anne Maureen Whitney Barrow Memorial Scholarship](https://swe.org/scholarships/anne-maureen-whitney-barrow-memorial-scholarship-est-1991/)
- [Ada I. Pressman Memorial Scholarship](https://swe.org/scholarships/ada-i-pressman-memorial-scholarship-est-2004/)
- [More SWE Scholarships](https://swe.org/scholarships/)

- Find More At The Following
 -- [College Scholarships.org](http://www.collegescholarships.org/scholarships/engineering-students.htm)
 -- [Finaid.org](https://finaid.org/scholarships/)
 -- [Scholarships.org](https://www.scholarships.com/financial-aid/college-scholarships/scholarships-by-major/engineering-scholarships/)
 -- [54 Best Engineering Internships](https://blog.prepscholar.com/engineering-scholarships)
 -- [ASHRAE](https://www.ashrae.org/communities/student-zone/scholarships-and-grants/undergraduate-engineering-scholarships)



## Internships
###### In-State
- [Systems Engineering Intern At Open Learning Exchange](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/systems-engineering-intern-at-open-learning-exchange-1611318183/?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)
- [Engineering Intern Summer 2020 At Navatek LLC](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/engineering-intern-summer-2020-at-navatek-llc-1646755322/?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)
- [Systems Engineering Intern At The Job Network](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/systems-engineering-intern-at-the-job-network-1665751011/?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)
- [Manufacturing Engineering Intern At Hexagon Manufacturing Intelligence](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/manufacturing-engineering-intern-at-hexagon-manufacturing-intelligence-1582193688/?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)
- [Geotechnical Engineer Intern At GZA GeoEnvironmental](https://www.glassdoor.com/job-listing/geotechnical-engineer-intern-gza-geoenvironmental-JV_IC1151289_KO0,28_KE29,49.htm?jl=3402466098&utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)
- [Transportation Engineering Intern At CDM Smith](https://www.internships.com/posting/sam_3409128843?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)
- [Process Engineering Co-op At Tremco](https://www.glassdoor.com/job-listing/process-engineering-co-op-tremco-JV_IC1151305_KO0,25_KE26,32.htm?jl=3442782783&utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)
- [Electrical Engineering Intern At Raytheon](http://jobs.rayjobs.com/TGnewUI/Search/home/HomeWithPreLoad?PageType=JobDetails&partnerid=25258&siteid=5366&jobId=1497331&codes=LIAS&utm_source=linkedin.com&utm_campaign=enterprise&utm_medium=social_media&utm_content=job_posting&ss=paid&dclid=CKSgp6rd4-YCFc6hswodU1MA4w#jobDetails=1497331_5366)
- [Applications Engineering Intern At Hexagon Manufacturing Intelligence](https://www.hexagonmi.com/en-US/about-us/careers/job-openings/usa/applications-engineering-intern-north-kingstown)
- [Facilities & Engineering Intern At Amgen](http://careers.amgen.com/ShowJob/Id/392382/Undergraduate%20Intern%20%e2%80%93%20F%20E%20Infrastructure%20Operations%20%20%20Utilities%20Winter%202020)
- [Software Engineering Intern - Angular At Open Learning Exchange](https://www.wayup.com/i-Education-j-Software-Engineering-Intern-Angular-Open-Learning-Exchange-938532938894352/?cid=23311615732&clickcastid=2579707-1077&refer=cpmxml-Cranston-RI-2725127-2579707&utm_campaign=cpmjobsXML-sscjobs-APPS-Cranston-RI-2725127-2579707&utm_medium=jobxml&utm_source=cpmjobscpa)
- [Software Engineering Intern At Virgin Pulse](https://jobs.jobvite.com/virginpulse/job/oA8rafw3?s=LinkedIn)
- [Software Engineering Intern At MojoTech](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=1654690598&geoId=104877241&keywords=software%20engineering%20intern&location=Rhode%20Island%2C%20United%20States)
- [Software Engineering Intern At Hexagon Manufacturing Intelligence](https://www.hexagonmi.com/en-US/about-us/careers/job-openings/usa/software-engineering-intern-north-kingstown)
- [Software Engineer Intern At The Glossary](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=1556084517&geoId=104877241&keywords=software%20engineering%20intern&location=Rhode%20Island%2C%20United%20States)
- [Software Development Engineer In Test Intern At CVS](https://jobs.cvshealth.com/ShowJob/Id/737768/Software%20Development%20Engineer%20in%20Test%20Intern%20(Undergrad)?utm_campaign=alljobs&utm_medium=recruitics_organic&utm_source=linkedinll&rx_c=alljobs&rx_medium=post&rx_paid=0&rx_source=linkedinll&rx_ts=20200101T002501Z&prefilters=none&CloudSearchLocation=none)
- [Automated Information Systems Intern At Amgen](https://www.applytracking.com/x.aspx?method=direct&type=apply&board=D92FCD45-1292-4AE2-B555-D7A273418B42&Job=R-90566&ClientCode=17267)

###### Out Of State
- [R&D Leadership Development Internship Summer 2020 At Johnson & Johnson, Raytham, MA](https://www.linkedin.com/job-apply/1665227856?refId=44859e1f-aad9-4bec-aace-7ce66f01f114&trk=flagship3_search_srp_jobs)
- [Engineering Intern At SoFI, San Francisco, CA](http://jobs.jobvite.com/sofi/job/ouYfbfwC?%26s=LinkedIn&__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=LinkedIn)
- [Engineering Intern at Mercedes-Benz, Sunnyvale, CA](https://daimler.taleo.net/careersection/ex/jobdetail.ftl?job=405584&lang=en&portal=101430233)
- [Mobile Client Engineering Intern At Warner Bros. Entertainment, Needham, MA](https://careers.warnermediagroup.com/TGnewUI/Search/home/HomeWithPreLoad?PageType=JobDetails&partnerid=391&siteid=36&jobId=830441)
- [Engineering Co-Op At Environmental Partners, Woburn MA](https://recruiting.paylocity.com/recruiting/jobs/Details/192046/Environmental-Partners-Group-Inc/Engineering-Co-Op?source=JobTarget%20via%20LinkedIn%20PGM%20-%20Variable%20Placement&utm_source=JobTarget&utm_medium=LinkedIn%20PGM%20-%20Variable%20Placement&utm_campaign=Engineering%20Co-Op%20(192046)&_jtochash=p7OX5XIDoNkjI2RKINEQp&_jtocprof=Vk8CnNetB-K33V4iPVxgRq1bAbskWkH_)
- [Engineering Intern At Hanover, Needham MA](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=1643635619&geoId=90000007&keywords=engineering%20intern&location=Greater%20Boston)
- [Engineering Intern  At Holologic Inc. , Westford, CT](https://hologic.referrals.selectminds.com/jobs/summer-2020-engineering-internship-opportunities-2871)
- [Manufacturing - Industrial Engineering Internship At Tesla, Fremont, CA](https://www.tesla.com/careers/job/id=57000)
- [Engineering Intern At Team Fishel, Richmond VA](https://neuvoo.com/view/?id=fb3f83255e48&oapply=org_v2019-12&source=joveo_bulk2&utm_source=partner&utm_medium=joveo_bulk2&puid=fada3aee3ded3aeabda8dd9d4daefdabadab3aeb3decfdd8ged3addffdd9fed38bdb9bdd9cdcbed3fd)
- [Engineering Process and External Engagements Summer Intern At Bose, Framingham MA](https://boseallaboutme.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/Bose_Careers/job/US-MA---Framingham/Engineering-Process-and-External-Engagements-Summer-Intern_R17269?companyApplyUrl=%26Source%3DLinkedIn)
- [Engineering Intern At Experitc Inc. , Memphis TN](https://neuvoo.com/view/?id=da09675d55bb&oapply=org_v2020-01&source=joveo_bulk2&utm_source=partner&utm_medium=joveo_bulk2&puid=fadc3aef3deg3de7bdaadd994dabfaacadab3deb3aeefadeged3cddfedd9fed37bdb9bdd9cdcbed3fd&splitab=1&action=emailAlert)
- [Software Engineer Intern At Lime, San Francisco CA](https://jobs.lever.co/limebike/abbcff74-b22f-4a84-84d6-1bc3919eabb1?lever-origin=applied&lever-source%255B%255D=linkedin-job-wrapping)
- [Software Engineering Intern At Nerd Wallet, San Francisco, CA](https://www.nerdwallet.com/careers/job/1799768)
- [Software Engineering Intern Twitter, San Francisco, CA](https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/oneclick-ui/company/122273559/job/1514470938/publication/743999696971770)
- [Experience Researcher Intern At Airbnb, Seattle, WA](https://careers.airbnb.com/positions/1849181/)
- [Software Engineering Intern At Two Sigma, NYC](https://careers.twosigma.com/careers/JobDetail/New-York-New-York-United-States-Software-Engineering-Internship-NYC/5982?source=LinkedIn)

- Find More At The Following 
-- [LinkedIn](http://linkedin.com/)
-- [csinterns for my Comp Sci People](https://www.csinterns.com/)
-- [Indeed](https://www.indeed.com/)
-- [internships.com](https://www.internships.com/engineering)

## Research 

###### In-State
- [Coastal And Evironmental Fellowship](https://web.uri.edu/coastalfellows/)
- [Cultivating Change Multicultural Scholars Program](https://web.uri.edu/cels/msp-app/)
- [Science And Engineering Fellows Program](https://web.uri.edu/cels/sef-application/)
- [URI CELS Research Opportunities](https://web.uri.edu/cels/academics/experiential-learning-opportunities-and-resources/)

###### Out Of State
- [Research Intern At Facebook, Boston, MA](https://www.facebook.com/careers/v2/jobs/520165665499001/?ref=a8lA00000004CFAIA2)
- [Machine Learning Research Intern At Apple, Seattle, WA](https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200074277/ml-research-intern?team=MLAI&board_id=17682)
- [Research Intern At Microsoft, NYC](https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/job/736979/Undergrad-Research-Intern-NYC-Labs?jobsource=linkedin&utm_source=linkedin&utm_medium=linkedin&utm_campaign=linkedin-feed)
- [Research Intern At Google, Princeton, NJ](https://careers.google.com/jobs/results/94168920430125766-research-intern/?src=Online%2FLinkedIn%2Flinkedin_us&utm_campaign=contract&utm_medium=jobposting&utm_source=linkedin)
- [Autopilot Research Intern At Tesla, Palo Alto, CA](https://www.tesla.com/careers/job/id=53757)
- [AMGEN Scholars Program](https://amgenscholars.com/)
- [Doris Duke Conservation Scholars Program At UC Santa Cruz](https://conservationscholars.ucsc.edu/)
